today we went live action roleplay
aka lock bhai let me explain every
single Sunday of the year when the city
isn't covered in snow many Montreal has
go to something we call tempest 10 Pam's
gets its name from the amazing drum
circles the best part anyone can bring a
drum set and join the circle throughout
the party their fellow Montreal is
enjoying the Sun and at the back of the
park LARPing LARPing is a form of
role-playing game where the participants
physically act out their characters the
first started in the 1970s and has
diversified into a variety of styles at
tam-tam specifically the focus is on
fantasy battles with foam weapons
the rules are simple
you start with two lines every arm and
leg counts as one life so if two limbs
are hit you lose if one arm gets hit you
can't use it for the rest of the battle
and if a leg gets hit you have to kneel
down your body counts as instant loss of
two lives and therefore instant defeat
having never learned before we thought
it would be the perfect addition to our
list and as always we had to have a
slow-mo segment what the hell is this
man I get to tempt Em's a local foam
arms salesman got us equipped while our
friend Simon joined us for the day and
LARPing began my name is glorious
maximus the fight started off easy as we
were the first ones to get there and
we're just fighting each other but as
experienced larper started to join
things got real
the blood of the loser dad jerk boy
you